c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\WebmvcApplication22.dll.config
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\WebmvcApplication22.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\WebmvcApplication22.pdb
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\obj\Debug\WebmvcApplication22.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\obj\Debug\WebmvcApplication22.pdb
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\obj\Debug\WebmvcApplication22.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\alaasayed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebMVCApplication2\WebmvcApplication22\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
